Cgiapp2 - Framework for building reusable web-applications

A PHP5 port of perl's CGI::Application, a framework for building reusable web
applications.

Cgiapp2 provides an extensible framework for creating reusable web applications
that allows for clean separation of design and code. It is an object oriented,
abstract class; the intention is that programmers using it will subclass, or
extend, the class for their individual application(s).

INSTALLATION
============
You may install Cgiapp2 in two ways: with the pear command, or manually.

PEAR INSTALLER:
As a user with PEAR privileges, simply execute 'pear install Cgiapp2-X.Y.Z.tgz'
(where X.Y.Z is the current version number). Cgiapp2.class.php will then be
installed in your PEAR repository, as will all helper classes, unit tests,
documentation, and example code.

To upgrade as a PEAR package, assuming you have installed Cgiapp2 previously as
a PEAR package, execute 'pear upgrade Cgiapp2-X.Y.Z.tgz'.

MANUAL INSTALLATION:
Untar the tarball somewhere in your PHP include path. 

ALL INSTALLATIONS:
You may then use Cgiapp2 by using
    'require_once "Cgiapp2.class.php";' 
or 
    'require_once "/path/to/Cgiapp2.class.php";'

Since Cgiapp2 is an abstract class, it cannot be used out-of-the box; you will
need to extend the class as outlined in the documentation.

DOCUMENTATION
=============
For those doing a manual installation, documentation is found in the 'doc'
folder, and was generated using PhpDocumentor (http://www.phpdoc.org) directly
on the source code. 

Documentation for the 2.x.y branch of Cgiapp2 is always available at:

    http://cgiapp.sourceforge.net/cgiapp2_doc/

While the documentation is complete, you may wish to consult various
CGI::Application resources, including:

* "Using CGI::Application":
  http://www.perl.com/pub/a/2001/06/05/cgi.html

* the CGI::Application wiki:
  http://cgiapp.erlbaum.net/cgi-bin/cgi-app/index.cgi

If you are new to Cgiapp2 or CGI::Application, PLEASE READ THE DOCUMENTATION,
and I recommend reading the article "Using CGI::Application", linked above. 

PLUGINS
=======
Cgiapp version 1.7.0 introduced a plugin architecture. However, that
architecture was completely rewritten for the Cgiapp2 series to comply with the
4.x series of CGI::Application.  The documentation has details on how to
implement a plugin. 

If you have a plugin that you wish to bundle with Cgiapp2, please contact the
author or file a feature request on the SourceForge tracker.

SUPPORT
=======
Cgiapp2 is provided as-is. However, bug, patch, and feature request trackers are
present via the SourceForge project, as are two mailing lists:

    http://sourceforge.net/projects/cgiapp 

Please utilize these before contacting me so that a public record exists (and
thus eliminate the chance of duplicate bugs, etc.).

AUTHOR
======
Matthew Weier O'Phinney <mweierophinney@gmail.com>
